Extend procedures Amazon EC2 (#1461)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_uninstalling-amazon-ec2-plugin.adoc

[id="Uninstalling_Amazon_EC2_Plugin_{context}"]
= Uninstalling Amazon EC2 Plugin

> If you have previously installed the Amazon EC2 plugin but don't use it anymore to manage and deploy hosts to EC2, you can uninstall it from your {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have previously installed the Amazon EC2 plugin but do not use it anymore to manage and deploy hosts to EC2, you can uninstall it from your {ProjectServer}.
```

Author: Applied.

.Procedure
. Uninstall the EC2 compute resource provider from your {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# yum remove -y foreman-ec2
# {foreman-installer} --no-enable-foreman-compute-ec2
----

> . Optional: In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer > About* and select the *Available Providers* tab to verify the removal of the Amazon EC2 plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About* and select the *Available Providers* tab to verify the removal of the Amazon EC2 plugin.
```

Author: Applied.
